Cloud computing is the on-demand availability of computer system resources,
especially data storage and computing power without direct active management by the user.
The term is generally used to describe
data centers available to many users over the Internet.
By on-prem or on-premise is referred to building and owning
computing infrastructure within the physical confines of an enterprise.
General Electric is a good example in this regard.
This started using AWS and now have
a Cloud solution of their own which is Predix platform.
If you go to this site,
you can see how Cloud is helping them strategically.
It says, "Reduced cost.
Speed to innovation.
Global visibility.
The potential benefits of Cloud adoption are not only many,
but they are tough to ignore."
Many small enterprises are still operating on-prem.
They want to tightly control their ecosystem.
Security is a concern for them.
Cost structures are complicated for Cloud.
A small business might fear features like
auto-scaling not knowing what bill they get at the end.
Cloud needs a sound network.
Many places and many companies still do not have the best networks.
A recent article said,
"When asked about adopting an enterprise Cloud computing platform,
66 percent of IT professionals say security is the greatest concern."
When to use Cloud?
If you need scalability and agility for quick deployments.
If you need accessibility from anywhere.
If you want to have low infrastructure costs in long-term.
If security and compliance are not your biggest concerns.
If you need an always available support model.
Moving to Cloud frees up your resources and you can focus on innovation.
You might want to use on-prem if: total cost of ownership is lower,
if uptime is a concern and your on-prem solution provides you better uptime,
you want control and governance in your hands,
when you have latency concerns because your data is just
everywhere across zones, on-prem, etc.
Ingress is traffic going out of the ecosystem,
egress is traffic entering it.
If you need huge amount of data to be transferred between Cloud and on-prem constantly,
that is, ingress at egress is high,
Cloud might be expensive for you.
You are better off being on-prem.